== 0.3.2 / 2012-08-16

* Switched from REXML to LibXML-ruby for XML parsing. Now accepts ampersands in entries, as well as UTF-8. Rejoice!

== 0.3.1 / 2012-08-16

* [FIXED] Minor bugfixes
* [FIXED] REXML will no longer kill the whole program if it can't parse a journal file.

== 0.3.0 / 2012-08-16

* [FIXED] Fixed several bugs in Builder xml output, including:
  * Output of trailing <target />
  * Output of malformed DOCTYPE
* You can now import existing DayOne entries and search them

== 0.2.0 / 2012-08-14

* Now auto-detects DayOne journal location from your plist file

== 0.1.7 / 2012-08-13

* The dayone binary can now add entries to your journal
* [FIXED] Managed to break the gem's include in 0.1.6, and because I'm a terrible amateur at all this, didn't pick up on it.

== 0.1.6 / 2012-08-13

* Updated documentation so YARD would generate nice rdocs
* dayone binary now uses the Commander gem
* Now using a Manifest file rather than globbing in whole directories

== 0.1.5 / 2012-08-12

* [FIXED] Ouch, horrid horrid gemspec and readme. Let's make them prettier.

== 0.1.4 / 2012-08-12

* Added a couple more tests for better coverage

== 0.1.3 / 2012-08-12

* Removed the SimpleXML class, now using the Builder gem

== 0.1.2 / 2012-08-12

* [FIXED] Actual testing on my own system

== 0.1.1 / 2012-08-07

* [FIXED] DayOne constants are now `attr_accessors` - set them yourself if you wish!

== 0.1.0 / 2012-08-06

* Added binary
* Support for DayOne locations
* Uploaded to github!

== 0.0.1 / 2012-08-05

* Started development